Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Ashley.
Ashley Bitakis: Thank
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh, how much sleep. Have you had. I mean I got that text at this we hour in the morning. This morning I saw you had any sleep.
Ashley Bitakis: Oh, definitely. I've had sleep. I did not want to miss my meeting this morning. So I made sure I was up and I definitely see a week until I had a taxi. So I see, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The care navigator Angelina, she's sort of our Dr. Aubrey all in line point person she had tried to reach you this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: About I think nine or 10 o'clock to say, hey, can you attend and 11 she reached a voicemail, um, she tried to give you a little heads up, didn't, it didn't work. Maybe you fell asleep.
Ashley Bitakis: I did, I did doze off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where I'm what's the environment right now is James in the bedroom. Is he still sleeping. What's, what's the
Ashley Bitakis: Current text. He's in the other room I'm yeah he's in the other room and I am in the bathroom so it's it's a private area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's take a little extra time. I know you just sort of coming on board here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can find a place on the counter maybe put a little something so you can rest this this phone on the counter. So you can just take your time, no rush.
Ashley Bitakis: They can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Tried
Gwenevere Abriel: To create a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Shelf. So it doesn't slide around but smart.
How are you in this
Ashley Bitakis: To be the reason I moved to motel. So there's been a lot of buzz about the coronavirus so
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so we had a lot of extra
Ashley Bitakis: I guess.
Ashley Bitakis: Traffic when it comes to maintenance coming in earlier in earlier so haha yeah sorry sorry about missing. Missing Roberts call, but I have you rested, I think, does that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Okay. Okay, so
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: The name that you're using, when you check in, you're admitted under Wiley.
Ashley Bitakis: Great legal name. I haven't changed my
Ashley Bitakis: legal name to marry name yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you check in mentioned that because it might confuse them. And as you can tell when you're when it's really busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to use a name that it's going to be easy for them to find your record and check you in until you eventually you're going to probably change. Change it. That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's just a little confusing for them. Oh.
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, and mentioned that name say it's this or you could hyphenated when you say it no Wiley that I'm just make it easy for them so that your check in process can be easier.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm pretty sure medications attached to today, so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am a little distracted. Just because I'm writing in a note here and
Ashley Bitakis: Therapy and we're meeting.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me hear a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: About some context of life is your
Gwenevere Abriel: Being able to stay at this hotel in jeopardy. Is there any threat of having to leave and within the next day or two. I just want to check in on how much chaos is right nearby.
Ashley Bitakis: Know we really stable in our living environment, even though we're both employed at this moment still James's in your family who's very supportive of her situation and
Ashley Bitakis: Financially can help us out. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is what you just said, We're both really stable.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be a slight exaggeration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you
Ashley Bitakis: Are living environment and
Gwenevere Abriel: I know hotel and you're homeless. So let's, let's just slow down. You don't have to say anything to fluff it up with me. Okay. It's been a while since you know you and I have connected but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just say what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: His parents are paying for what, how are they, what did they funding. What are they okay with
Ashley Bitakis: Their parents just mom dad passed away, but okay.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay with paying for motel.
Ashley Bitakis: And that's pretty much it. She doesn't. I mean, are we had a storage unit with all of our belongings that we couldn't afford to to pay. We kept it with as long as we could and they were going to auction off all of our stuff and she
Ashley Bitakis: Had found out about this through his other brother, and she paid that just on a whim can ask because she's doing so much for the room, so much for the room or on a weekly so
Ashley Bitakis: She, she did pay for that, but I'm primarily she made a deal with us that she has no problem with paying for a room.
Ashley Bitakis: The remaining very incredible. I said no other handouts would be given me. So it's very kind of her to have saved her stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And so how are you guys eating.
Ashley Bitakis: I do get food stamps. Oh, yeah. And then I got approved for my Tanis as well as cash assistance per month for child support.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so that at least you at least have but they they become that we get it when I when that comes in. We've only been getting it for one month. So just finally started to come in.
Ashley Bitakis: But when it does come in we paid for two weeks of our room on our own to give his mom kind of a break. Yeah, and that's why she is supportive because she knows that we're trying and then we're trying our best interest thing we can and
Ashley Bitakis: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right there. And when we last spoke, you were able to sort of on that there's been some self medicating behavior when we last met in group. Have you been able to just take what's prescribed. Are you still taking more
Ashley Bitakis: Sensitive to. So, you know, I, admittedly, I took it took three know to to scientists were uncomfortable.
Ashley Bitakis: Into is what I've been taking okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do it again. You doing fine. Hang in there. I know it's weird, you know, when people are using they're used to miss truth telling so it feels weird to actually, you don't actually have to not tell the truth. You can just lay it out in here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: In group you're able to own, you know what I was taking three
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were going to run out. I did run out. I don't know what you did. And there's some pieces that I still want to understand about how you fill in the gaps there. But let's just look when the last time I saw you was that on last Thursday in group that sound right.
Ashley Bitakis: That sounds great. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've had quite a few days in between.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you run out of medicine because you've been taking more than the two strips a day.
Ashley Bitakis: Well, yeah, he didn't eventually run out and just talking was left a day I was left to day without so it was a day short
Gwenevere Abriel: When. Just tell me when you ran out of medicine.
Ashley Bitakis: That would have been what
Ashley Bitakis: Was it
Gwenevere Abriel: Today's Wednesday.
Ashley Bitakis: I think it was Saturday. And then one day she don't remember. And then I had gone to the pharmacy to pick up my medication and they wouldn't give it to me. And because my insurance will cover it until I picked it up on Monday.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay. So going into yeah because they had already gotten a certain amount of medicine.
Ashley Bitakis: And that didn't make sense because if I had only at the terrorism.
Ashley Bitakis: But had only taken to who then I wouldn't, I wouldn't have been sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's the reason. But I just wanted what I'm doing right now is checking, not on addictive behavior, none of that. All I'm doing is trying to see, physiologically, how many days my client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has been taking medicine. So I want to just check it. I know you're having a hard time with the days you're doing your best, and I get that. So just hang in there. So here's what I'm hearing so far.
Gwenevere Abriel: We had maybe. So let's say Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking, you would have gotten a new order, but they may be wouldn't have let you pick it up. That's what I'm guessing. Is that right,
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I think, I think it was Thursday when she had placed
Gwenevere Abriel: I can look
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do, I can see in here. Let's go look at it together.
Ashley Bitakis: Isn't you whenever she place another order. I don't, I can't remember for with that same day or the next day after to go pick it up.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: It was on Thursday.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah okay so
Ashley Bitakis: I think I might have. I might have gotten to the scene. Every Friday to the pharmacy. I can't. I honestly can't remember what it was, but I know I came up short. So I wouldn't have, therefore, is I was taking more than prescribed to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's just look at this together because we can do this together because we don't have to. We can just do it. So here we go. What we see is here in the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: At this march 12 is Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: 14 films should have covered you for eight days.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so that prescription. I still
Ashley Bitakis: Haven't I still haven't picked up because they wouldn't they wouldn't have if I if I was on track with my prescription taking them to the to then I would have been fine to pick it up on Monday, and I would have still had kinds of number me until then I see, yeah.
Ashley Bitakis: So prescription, they still haven't picked up because they wouldn't let me on Monday, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's what I can't see in here because it says September 2009 September 26 I can't see what preceded this I this is an imperfect is there.
Ashley Bitakis: Any words you are using it open here.
So,
Ashley Bitakis: My new prescription. She had ordered
Ashley Bitakis: Have remained at my pharmacy because me they told me my insurance.
Ashley Bitakis: My insurance wouldn't allow me to pick it up any earlier.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture that it's Thursday, you've come into group and you've owned I have taken as much as three strips a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Thursday moves forward. And then it's Friday, then it's Saturday. Let's just stick with
Gwenevere Abriel: The day you realize maybe I guess on Saturday, that she didn't have enough medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do
Ashley Bitakis: When they realized I didn't have enough medicine and then commit after going to the pharmacy and I couldn't pick it up until Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take on Saturday to get through it.
Ashley Bitakis: Um, well, I, I, I'm pretty sure I was out by then. So
Ashley Bitakis: Or
Ashley Bitakis: I know Sunday didn't take anything for sure. I know I didn't have anything to take a to take anything
Ashley Bitakis: Saturday.
Ashley Bitakis: I either have I really can't remember either had
Ashley Bitakis: I either had one left or you have any left in either
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's move on. Let's go to Monday. Hold on. You're doing great. I know this is hard. I'm trying to see how my my clients doing okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm not there, see what you're doing. So now I know for sure we have confidence. There was no medicine. There was no buprenorphine and you did not just say that you scored percocet heroin you filled it in with math.
Gwenevere Abriel: This would be the time to say that, what did you do on
Ashley Bitakis: Sunday. No, I did not take any any, anything to replace that specifically
Ashley Bitakis: I hate to use a little of did you some methamphetamine.
Ashley Bitakis: A
Ashley Bitakis: Script would like just resident of what I had in
Ashley Bitakis: In previous
Ashley Bitakis: You know, as a script, the resident. I don't know how you could see it.
Ashley Bitakis: Being used. Yeah, that wasn't Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else on Sunday that you can remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Our home we do
Ashley Bitakis: You know, I have, I have been I have been smoking marijuana here and that all and then
Ashley Bitakis: Other than other than
Ashley Bitakis: Other than I'm missing today, meaning marijuana. I have not used in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much marijuana. Did you smoke on Sunday. If you had to guess.
Ashley Bitakis: Just like a joint
Ashley Bitakis: Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: Got it. Let's move to Monday to Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now it's already Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, to the best of your ability. What did you do
Gwenevere Abriel: To get through Monday you did some residue math. We did a joint
Gwenevere Abriel: Package do to get through Monday.
So Monday.
Ashley Bitakis: There was like a little promotion going on at the restaurant or James. James works and his family were short
Ashley Bitakis: So on Monday we had gone down there CW. Is there like a local TV station, whatever, whatever, and the cooking up giving them like a bag of weed so
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so from Monday, Tuesday,
Ashley Bitakis: Pretty much kind of covered
Ashley Bitakis: covered them.
Ashley Bitakis: Covered me. You know, I didn't really feel. I didn't really feel
Ashley Bitakis: You know, like sick as I would coming, coming off of heroin, because I haven't
Ashley Bitakis: I haven't done done here, you know, and done done here went to to get like sinker shaky or anything like that. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's not accurate. Ashley. The, the kick off of buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am told is worse. So I hear what you're saying, but at the same time, I don't know, there's something. There's a piece of information kind of missing, but I'm hearing you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are telling me I was able to get through with weed, then those are the facts and those are the ones that I'm going to, I'm going to take. Okay, those are facts.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the notion that there's no withdrawal associated with chemical dependency buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: That ain't that ain't grounded in reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is a really uncomfortable withdrawal experience for people
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, I really didn't feel as as the movies with drew up with drawing right okay
Ashley Bitakis: So that's, I haven't seen you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you got it through. So let's move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have now an understanding of how
Gwenevere Abriel: You have survived.
Gwenevere Abriel: These last few days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think it's safe to say that you are not stable. You're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Not chemically
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The efficacy of the psychotherapy is greatly diminished by the fact that you're not stable. So don't don't expect too much from what we're doing in here. I don't expect much to stick
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to stay right on the surface on just sort of functional domains of life. Okay, just wanted. That's why I'm talking about employment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm talking about substance use. I'm just checking on hotel who's funding it. We're just sort of starting with basic functioning. Do I have a place to live, how are you eating. You told me and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think there's going to be any issue for you, picking up your medicine. I just can't imagine that it would. Um, are you selling the strips.
Ashley Bitakis: A nurse anyway shirts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to do you think, remember, I mean, the problem with the fact that you've been using weed is it doesn't sound like you've been in so much distress, aka withdrawal that you're going to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I have to snap to I can only take two of the strips. I can't take three or I won't have enough like sometimes is that negative reinforcement, the discomfort that helps people remember. Oh my gosh, I have, I can only take two, I can only take two, I can only take two
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope that it helps. I hope you can remember to only take two and not take more
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope so. We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next piece. So we have a residence covered. We have where the food's coming from
Gwenevere Abriel: James family owns a restaurant. Are you saying yes he's unemployed, but that he can pick up shifts in the kitchen or us saying
Ashley Bitakis: He gets its own cash. I mean, it's all cash his brothers and manager. There he have he actually worked in December, sharp when they were all quite younger when his dad was so life is
Ashley Bitakis: So brings a lot of his child back in the Brain Stuff. But, um, his brother has been a manager there for years and
Ashley Bitakis: His mom actually printed his brother Stevie's his name and
Ashley Bitakis: Asked if James could pick up any, any kind of shifts, just to help with anything you know bussing tables, whatever, and
Ashley Bitakis: It's downtown. So they needed security, more than anything, and
Ashley Bitakis: The guy just totally big guy. I kind of thought that'd be perfect, you know, any mean to take a recursion there. And then we really, you know, do you could use it so
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, that's that's overall his position. There's security typically it's Thursday, Friday, Saturday. But again, like Monday. They had a functioning is able to pick up a shift Monday, but he's just, he's just paid cash and it's just you know his brother doing when he can help us.
Ashley Bitakis: So technically he's an employed by the books.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So between you and I, the world will work. It is he's employed and it's part time and we'll just leave it like that, okay, because
Gwenevere Abriel: I just needing a meeting to hear where money's coming from either where the money for the weed or money for food, or I'm just, I just, I need to understand whether you're, you know, I just need to understand it. So I have a better understanding now so
Ashley Bitakis: In your own. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: His continued substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you said that he stopped, but doesn't mean people don't restart. You still have paraphernalia around that means the doors still open that pipe is still around. Wonder why it's still there and not gone out of the motel room.
Ashley Bitakis: Or when I mean with the idea that just in case you know it's us together, we need to use it again.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay. Is that because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to upset him or you want to make sure the doors open for you in case you want to use that again.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, it was really easy for me to say no, not my thing. It's really not my thing.
Ashley Bitakis: You know,
Ashley Bitakis: So I guess I didn't not
Ashley Bitakis: reinforce the idea of that not being a potential
Gwenevere Abriel: So you haven't said anything. Let's try again. You're so good with words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to walk out throughout the pipe, what would happen.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean I wouldn't get in any trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to say what wouldn't happen. I also know you know rainbows won't come out of our
Ashley Bitakis: Bugs
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know what would happen.
Ashley Bitakis: Pretty if I were, if I were to throw away the pipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do what would happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could predict it pretty well.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, and
Ashley Bitakis: I don't know what he would say,
Gwenevere Abriel: So James would say something
What do
Ashley Bitakis: We say
Gwenevere Abriel: Say thank you
Ashley Bitakis: Maybe today where
Ashley Bitakis: He's, he's been clean for what's going on today would be going on the second day. OK, so maybe thank you think
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be what what might it also be
Ashley Bitakis: Whom like a 10 minute thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is aggression is conveniently channeled when he's running security. If it is a channel. There were might get expressed, if you were to have some aggression or might land.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, definitely with each other with myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: With myself. So could you like that myself thing is, is do you could you say what might happen. So if I threw out that pipe, what might happen.
Ashley Bitakis: He he he might get upset with me or you might just be upset.
Ashley Bitakis: Overall, because the idea of having the comfort of it being there and him having to spend money. We don't have one. Another one.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's a little different way of speaking than using the word myself is in present time it's first person, it's a little bit more accurate. So, um, let's continue along that course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, is it possible that we're really in in sort of a harm reduction phase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your recovery right now that just keeping you from going to heroin is all that we can ask of treatment right now.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, I heard her reduction.
Ashley Bitakis: So then
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't accidentally overdose on heroin. That's harm reduction.
Ashley Bitakis: So can you ask your question again.
Gwenevere Abriel: How committed are you to staying clean and sober for the rest of your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give it a number 10 is completely committed and zero is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not at all.
Ashley Bitakis: All right, I would say I'm a solid. I'm a solid, solid
Ashley Bitakis: Eight, for the reasons of I
Ashley Bitakis: I'm committed I'm committed in the sense of I have lost everything I see, I see my reality, especially not using I'm going to have lost everything because here we makes me so incapable know with my kids that kills me.
Ashley Bitakis: And then I have I have those fears and those doubts that
Ashley Bitakis: burn me in a way it makes me a better person.
Ashley Bitakis: Which doesn't make any sense. But
Gwenevere Abriel: Heroin makes you a better person.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, I mean,
Ashley Bitakis: I have these thoughts that it does. It makes me a better person makes me more.
Ashley Bitakis: Easy to be around.
Ashley Bitakis: Um,
Ashley Bitakis: So it takes the way it really does take away from the commitment.
Ashley Bitakis: And
Ashley Bitakis: We
Ashley Bitakis: Let me change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me change the wording what you're doing right now. You're doing a great job. And now you're starting to get a little bit closer to some truth because you're starting to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Why it's actually important what you just did was touch on the commitments going to be whether you navigate things like the pipe, whether you take the medication to strips the way you're prescribed that that's going to be a
Gwenevere Abriel: Commitment to the universe, it'll show up it'll either show up, or it won't. But what you're talking about right now is in portent just now, you talked about why it's important. You've lost everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you digress a little bit with the self identity thing and all that aside for a second. But actually,
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be motivated, you might have found a motivation, you have lost
Gwenevere Abriel: Your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know what that means.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, you're not wisdom that much. I know, but I don't know what you mean by youth loss.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that mean,
Ashley Bitakis: Well you know me, my grandma don't get along.
Ashley Bitakis: I do. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Ashley Bitakis: And you know through through this so that hurt me still get on her and I are able to
Ashley Bitakis: You know, say, hey, because Anthony wasn't in school for like about a month and a half. And I was working with different resources trying to figure that out. And it's just
Ashley Bitakis: Putting myself aside my feelings aside and knowing that what's best for him and Levi certain school would be to have as my grandmas. So just that's the only way her and I can manage each other's just on that note, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a story I want to understand what
Ashley Bitakis: You mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you lose custody of your children.
Ashley Bitakis: No, nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: All you are is away from them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, or is away.
Ashley Bitakis: Just it just goes
Gwenevere Abriel: And that will change. It will change, you're going to get them back.
Ashley Bitakis: Back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going, they're going to be near you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, something happened in the last episode of care. My now all along the way. I was saying I was keeping everyone informed, I will watch Ashley closely.
Gwenevere Abriel: She does not meet outpatient level of care. She seems to meet either residential level or intensive outpatient and I tried to meet with you twice a week because I'm trying to make this work for you. It didn't and you're here again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you have lost even more.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder how much more you'll have to lose before you realize
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do this on my own.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really get the treatment that you need when you're in the treatment that you really need. There's no way you have a pipe.
Gwenevere Abriel: The motel. That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Quite right. Now I know you can't see it. I know you're just on the short term, I don't want to piss off James I just want an easy breezy. And I want to do with that. Now I get that intellectually
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's doing your recovery a disservice to not really embrace what recovery can do for you what sobriety can do
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think you're really on the fence and it's okay I'll hang out here with you. We'll do the best we can.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think we're in harm reduction mode right now. I don't know that you're going to be able to take in a lot of the work that we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're in a very much a survival mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm concerned, I think that you would benefit from a higher level of care there. I do have you thought about an any point, hey, I need to get away from these people from James from everyone, and get myself healthy, had he even had at one time we had the thought.
Ashley Bitakis: You're actually
Ashley Bitakis: Doing actually talks about that and he had asked me if I would
Ashley Bitakis: He was very, very dainty very telling him to
Ashley Bitakis: Ask him. He said, you know, if I were to go to like say yes, like at a facility, not necessarily for rehab, but for behavioral health for like two weeks, and it was like, well isn't that reality is your 70s rehab.
Ashley Bitakis: And it wouldn't want to go to Vegas and so him bringing that up was the only
Ashley Bitakis: Only kind of ever thought about going to get impatient kind of care facility. And then my mom had actually
Ashley Bitakis: Her husband's really abusive and she had stayed with us, like two or three days or motel room and she was telling me she was going to go to rehab and how AND I WAS THIS IS ONE Eastern crack since I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Young. I remember
Ashley Bitakis: And so for her to tell me she's quitting. And you know what, it doesn't mean a name, but for her to tell me she's going to rehab meant something to me. And of course, you go back to your husband, but I'm
Ashley Bitakis: Even me, I didn't, I didn't even think about myself going to rehab or
Ashley Bitakis: The only time I ever thought about is when James kind of mentioned that kind of stuck with me like whoa main concern with me and it was a very, very, very, very
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think he said not
Gwenevere Abriel: For why why the just for mental health and not for chemical dependence. I don't know why. That part was put in there. Why would that be more interesting to you, then you're addicted to to to heroin. Why would he say it like that.
Ashley Bitakis: are resistant to it. I don't
Ashley Bitakis: Know, because it's like I've ever heard of a facility where you just go two weeks.
Ashley Bitakis: There is a
Ashley Bitakis: Few days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's like yet. But what ends up happening is there's there's mental health or residential facilities people
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, continue to be unsafe.
Gwenevere Abriel: To themselves or others. And so, I should say.
Ashley Bitakis: No, no way.
Ashley Bitakis: I don't know, is there specific
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what your answer to me was this, I did entertain it I entertained it for a little tiny bit of time when James mentioned it. How long did you entertain it like a second or how long would you say
Ashley Bitakis: No, I mean, I would say for me after him, saying that I ended up like taking a shower and kind of just having like time for myself.
Ashley Bitakis: So it's a kind of sat with me for several hours and kind of thought about it like me know being in Albuquerque and being away from state. Again, it's not about that and
Ashley Bitakis: Then he thought about well all communication we closed off. If I were to go to rehab and then he thought about. I don't really get a chance to talk to the boys anyway.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, so you're going to get to play with the idea of kindness. That was me.
Ashley Bitakis: Or for a couple hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see if you can catch it. What scares you about doing that because something snapped you out and even continuing it for five hours are actually researching it, something contradicted
Gwenevere Abriel: The idea of going, what was it, Dina
Ashley Bitakis: I think I mean going and then coming back to nothing. I mean, they come back to
Ashley Bitakis: That even this and and even my current situation. I'm a hotel her
Ashley Bitakis: Husband and my kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your husband would leave you
Ashley Bitakis: I don't, I don't think you'd ever leave me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Understand why do you say nothing. He would be living somewhere would still be married. Why do you think you come back to nothing.
Ashley Bitakis: That's just how I see is how I see it happening if I were just to go for
Ashley Bitakis: You know 30 days even which isn't a long period of time.
Ashley Bitakis: I mean, if it does when you were he would go about you would go this bomb in Vegas. It's only going to know where it was, but
Ashley Bitakis: I felt like it would be. And it was just so blank and darkly the thought of.
Ashley Bitakis: Not having
Ashley Bitakis: anybody or anything to
Ashley Bitakis: Come back to your anywhere to go, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: But you see that you have somebody to come back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you would come back, different
Ashley Bitakis: I think it would come back, different. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you want to be with James If you were clean and sober.
Ashley Bitakis: Um, you know, I
Ashley Bitakis: I, I, I would want to be the chain is clean and sober.
Ashley Bitakis: I am in a word I a
Ashley Bitakis: CS not necessarily ever been together ISIS.
Ashley Bitakis: You know, or her dynamics of our marriage have changed so much and even just our friendship has changed so much and
Ashley Bitakis: We use it when I've ever really been able to count on innocence. I don't know. I don't know if he would want me clean and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: There may not be anybody there. He may not want me unless I'm using
Gwenevere Abriel: Maintain this which is tolerant of his degree of abuse and substance use whatever you only, you know, the stories. If you don't tolerate anymore. He may not want you
Ashley Bitakis: Would have this specific dependency, you know, it couldn't
Ashley Bitakis: Yep. And that's, I mean, that would be that would be very scary for him because I've
Gwenevere Abriel: Scary for
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you mean we're talking about you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might have to take a look at the people that you're surrounding yourself with people in a residential facility will probably say what's going on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you surrounding yourself with people that want to your growth and development and you have to take a look and it's hard to see when we are afraid of being alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: When that dominates every decision that we make.
Gwenevere Abriel: But here's what you don't know. Actually, you don't know how you're going to feel you haven't changed had a chance to be this clean person.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, long, long, long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't know what you don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what those 30 days. Those 60 days they give you that chance to rediscover Oh, first it's scary. It's hard. And what is he leaves me. What if he doesn't love me anymore, then you get through that and you're like, well, wait a minute, I made myself. Wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, maybe he never really love me. Oh, wait a minute, who care, you know, we don't know what the progression would be, but she never get a chance to do it if you don't give
Gwenevere Abriel: Sobriety and a chance
Ashley Bitakis: If he's a reason or me sober. He's never know. We
Ashley Bitakis: We didn't meet
Ashley Bitakis: Whenever
Ashley Bitakis: I wonder, it is a very scary book.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you don't have to do it. All right, now that I'm introducing it to you because you didn't meet level out here before and you're not meeting it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So at a minimum, I want to meet with me twice a week on a keep a close eye on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: But you would benefit from a residential level of care.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just let me know. So let's just take it step by step. I'm glad you made it here today. I'm glad you picked up my call.
Ashley Bitakis: Yes, thank you.
Ashley Bitakis: Thank you for giving me so so frequently since I had text you know any
Gwenevere Abriel: Message. The doctor I know she's awake.
Ashley Bitakis: She might be running a group. I must send her a message here.
Gwenevere Abriel: My next client just showed up. So I know he's waiting there for me, but I'm going to hit
Ashley Bitakis: Me up here really quick question for you to move her of things that I know group is tomorrow at 11 correct
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay. Your turn 11 and then I will confirm with you, the day before appointment for mironov boys. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I try to text to get a heads up. If I don't hear from you. I kind of changed a little bit of my approach.
Ashley Bitakis: I was so busy, you're so busy and I gotta be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't hear from you. Then I offer that spot to someone else.
Ashley Bitakis: And then also
Ashley Bitakis: You know, entertaining the idea of residential treatment. Where would it go
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, how about how about we do this. That's beautiful. You mentioned that I have found New Mexico to be a challenge.
Ashley Bitakis: But there are people
Gwenevere Abriel: They do go places. So let me let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Place. One of them is called
Gwenevere Abriel: A hoy recovery. That's over in Espanol Ah, but there are a few. So you're entertaining it licious
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get some information that's that'll be our first step. How about we do that we'll get ourselves educated. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to if you have time, you can flip your card over and you can call your insurance provider, even if it's Medicaid and say, Hey, I'm looking for a resident substance abuse program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could say, mental health, but honestly, I think you need residential substance use program and say hey yeah say residential don't use rehab that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the words you want residential level of care.
Gwenevere Abriel: For and you want to say the substance. Sometimes they they have a different protocol on different programs for the different substances and just let them know that
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a co occurring disorder with with the heroin and methamphetamine. What's your primary drug is is the heroin, you're on an MA ti medicated assisted therapy. That's what this
Ashley Bitakis: Is right now make a
Gwenevere Abriel: Program. And you might say it's, I can do this for a little while, but I was in it before I had a relapse and I think I need residential, what is my coverage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me three names of places and the phone numbers. And if you want to make those calls that might be a great first step for you to at least get yourself informed doesn't mean you're going in. It just means now you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so our next appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't be Thursday, because that's when group is your group is on 11 I don't text for groups.
Ashley Bitakis: I just assumed people will
Have
Gwenevere Abriel: I will try.
Gwenevere Abriel: To meet with you in the afternoon on Friday, I can't promise promise promise, but I'm going to really try and I'll have you kind of on an on call if that's possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same way we did this. I know it's not ideal.
Ashley Bitakis: But interesting. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if we cannot connect then
Gwenevere Abriel: I will try to, let's see if we can do
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe eight in the morning on Saturday, March 21
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, so I'm going to have you on call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here for Friday, we get to see you in group tomorrow.
Ashley Bitakis: And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: sending a message to Dr. Aubrey yell.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to be clear about the prescription
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Real quick, closed a new question. Did you pick up the one that was ordered on the real quick.
Ashley Bitakis: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me just write that. Hold on. She did not care.
Gwenevere Abriel: One.
Ashley Bitakis: I'm I'm literally going to improve my shoes and go up the hill and get it now.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: She
Gwenevere Abriel: Trip use it to
Ashley Bitakis: Do my manager.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is not would not cover it. Now that might mean that she's not going to order another one. Okay, right, because that doesn't make any sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so just just keeping her hands up. And then we get to talk more tomorrow.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, I'm sorry, I'm pretty sure she's going to get that now.
Ashley Bitakis: Okay, so tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said Friday tentatively Friday at what time
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I, I'm hoping for something in the morning. Right now, I'm booked from six in the morning until two o'clock and hope to until two
Gwenevere Abriel: If I I may tentatively at your time too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But also if there's something
Gwenevere Abriel: Where someone doesn't show in the middle of the day. I'm going to reach out to you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, go take those two strips. Don't take more than that. Okay.
Ashley Bitakis: to shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo.
Ashley Bitakis: Call
Gwenevere Abriel: And ask them about residential level of care. Maybe we can get started on making some calls and checking out what's available for you. All right.
Ashley Bitakis: Yeah, it's a big idea. It will see them and I am curious, have
Ashley Bitakis: Seen him. I see him hurt when bye
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing on volume and video. Can we sound check, check, check, check, check, check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hear me okay oh
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, now I hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can you hear me okay
Joshua Lopez: Yeah yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's a little delay. All right, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry I'm late. This in session with someone, it just couldn't couldn't enter it on time. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna get an open has anything significant changed any of those big things like same employer kids are healthy, probably, what, staying with mom or they stay with you, where are they
Joshua Lopez: There with me right now. I'm still working within Romeo's I get them when I'm off. So my last day of work I pick them up that evening when I get out and then the day before I go to work back with their mom. So hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: You seem sad though, what is there something on your on your mind now.
Joshua Lopez: I'm a little bit. I can just have mixed emotions.
Joshua Lopez: For the past month and a half or so what we're seeing in the end it's a hotel, you know, just trying to get everything together.
Joshua Lopez: Moving into an apartment tomorrow.
Joshua Lopez: Which is exciting. I'm like, happy to find out a place to call home. You know, first time in nine months so excited, but also kind of kind of sad, I guess.
Joshua Lopez: Seem just seems more real. Now you know i know you both are moving on.
Joshua Lopez: So it's like a mixed bag of emotions. I'm happy, I'm excited.
Joshua Lopez: Sad. Yeah, I'm a little bit of everything.
And make sense.
Joshua Lopez: It's exciting you know to finally have a place to go home. I'm
Joshua Lopez: Just like I said, it just seems kind of surreal like
Joshua Lopez: You know, just
Joshua Lopez: Just that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Joshua put put this phone down prop it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just me. Put it down. It's rested there.
Let's just have a seat.
Joshua Lopez: There.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe you haven't been able to tell anyone that other side, you know, for the kids. You have to look strong and you have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Act like it's all good. All this this move is all exciting but
Gwenevere Abriel: To give yourself, just a few minutes to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Just dip into that sorrow that grief of having to feel in real time that you're not moving in with your wife. This isn't a fresh start that this isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't that
Gwenevere Abriel: What those awareness is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just free associate what what are things that pass through your minds that you have someone that being me. I can hear you.
Joshua Lopez: Know,
Joshua Lopez: Not being able to share it with
Joshua Lopez: 13 years I get all
Joshua Lopez: The way but it felt like
Joshua Lopez: Real like you did I really not shared it with anybody. How do
Joshua Lopez: You know a friend or
Joshua Lopez: Somebody
Joshua Lopez: About being positive about it. No.
No.
Joshua Lopez: No, we've been done for a while now and I know we're not getting back together.
Joshua Lopez: But it is
Joshua Lopez: I don't know why, but
Joshua Lopez: Really kind of set in
Joshua Lopez: started paying off the deposit already getting closer to the actual date is like it said in that
Joshua Lopez: This is it, you know, this is
Joshua Lopez: How it's going to be for a while.
Joshua Lopez: For a long time. I mean, I don't know how long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mind go. You don't have to preserve opinion from to worry about my opinion of you mines not changing. I already know you are a good strong intelligent loving, man, that's not going to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Change.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are grieving.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't get a chance to do it with your children and you don't get a chance to do it at work or with your parents with your brother, but you can do that with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can let that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: yourself permission to touch that sorrow, even a little bit
You
Joshua Lopez: Know,
Joshua Lopez: The best thing to move forward and get myself together because I've
Joshua Lopez: Already done a lot and I
Joshua Lopez: We spoke about taking credit for that month already or taking those steps. Yeah. And then, even though
Joshua Lopez: You know, like I wish I would have done this sooner wish I would have
Joshua Lopez: Me much more valuable sooner.
Joshua Lopez: It's exciting because
Joshua Lopez: I followed your advice money advice, my credit, and I, I see it. You know, I see it happening in about six months, I see benefits that are going to be coming
Joshua Lopez: But again, I wish, I wish I had heard that, you know. Uh huh.
Joshua Lopez: And i mean i
Joshua Lopez: Have a hard time grasping why feel like that is part of me feels like she
Joshua Lopez: Really doesn't deserve to
Joshua Lopez: Or doesn't deserve for me to feel like that, you know,
Joshua Lopez: She didn't want it to be happier on her own, which is fine. It's just, I don't know why I do something they don't know why to
Joshua Lopez: Hold on, and wish I could share these things with her as
Joshua Lopez: We know it it doesn't do me any good to feel like that.
Joshua Lopez: You know about bettering myself now.
Joshua Lopez: I am, you know. Oh, yeah. Okay, let's see.
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you should be. But you're not. This is complex stuff. I don't have that judgment, what you're going through. Makes sense. It makes sense to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's real logic to it. I, I know as you're in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say a lot of why why why why right it's confusing for you. I should just be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't surprise me. You're, you're having to let go of an image that you had about how life would be
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't add up. How could something so
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad
Gwenevere Abriel: motivate me to go accomplish these things. And now I've lost this thing that motivated me. I can't go tell this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: About my accomplishments. Is it my fault that it's gone to begin with. And that's just touching the surface of the complexity of what you're going through. It's not black and white. So don't give yourself a hard time about these mixed feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else comes up.
Joshua Lopez: Wanting to share it with somebody you know
Joshua Lopez: Everything that you share. Yeah, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So later on when we have talked and you feel heard and understood I can give you some psychobabble I can give you some of that. But the truth of the matter is it's it's not. I've been throwing that out you for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to live through it doesn't matter how much I give you great psychology about why we do these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still have to wade through the thick mud.
Joshua Lopez: Of grief, we
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, I don't want to give you some story and make you think, Oh, well then, I will. I'll skip over all this sorrow, you're still going to have to wade through it or of course you could escape into drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Other addictive behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so instead, let's do it with grace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, cry, cry and say, I love deeply and maybe maybe this maybe this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I fall in love or pay attention to some things that maybe I didn't pay attention to before. That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's where the growth can be
Gwenevere Abriel: What was I not paying attention to. Before that, this time a hold on tight a hold on to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be where the growth plate right on that edge.
Joshua Lopez: I agree 100% with that. I mean, I know there were
Joshua Lopez: Things that I just
Joshua Lopez: You know, I know. Now I work to
Joshua Lopez: Love again that I would learn from my mistake. You know, nobody's perfect. I probably make new ones, but I know
Joshua Lopez: It would be more in tune with what I was doing and
Joshua Lopez: The cause and effect of it.
Joshua Lopez: I've learned not to beat myself up too much anymore like a part of me feel does every now and then, like,
Joshua Lopez: You know, I wish I could have paid more attention or wish I would have seen it.
Joshua Lopez: I wish I wouldn't have made those mistakes but you know we can't change the
Joshua Lopez: Word.
Joshua Lopez: Try to use that as motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua, there's no one who could have said to you, I believe in you. You couldn't hear it. I've been screaming at the dogs been screaming at your wife. It didn't matter. You couldn't hear it inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you get that you had to be kicked out like on your ass to understand like to be shown in real time. You've got everything it takes. There's nothing missing in you. We couldn't preach it. We couldn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's nothing wrong with you for that most people are like that. We just this a particular composition of whatever the recipe was around childhood and parenting and blah, blah, blah, that that's just the way it had to be for you had to be like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one could have gotten the message across.
Gwenevere Abriel: To go out there and knock on doors, even when the doors say no, you get up and you do it again. No, you get up, you do it again you know you you were forced to have to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what that's the recipe. A lot of people are like that because we're scared. We're all scared. We doubt our confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: You share that with everybody.
Joshua Lopez: That comes up with all mixed bag of emotions.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, now I'm moving forward now doing what I need to do with
Joshua Lopez: Learning to love myself I'm learning to take care of myself.
Joshua Lopez: But part of me just also feels like what if I do ever find that, again, you know, what if I don't ever care for somebody like that again.
Joshua Lopez: Just, you know,
Joshua Lopez: I don't think a lot more time i knew i just scratched the surface.
Joshua Lopez: But a part of me is
Joshua Lopez: Burns to be
Not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand.
Joshua Lopez: You know, I just
Joshua Lopez: Missed
Joshua Lopez: somebody to talk to. Miss after my low, we would not work at 3D stretch and I'm tired. I just, I miss coming home and having somebody to talk to.
With
Joshua Lopez: Miss the little things like holding the hand or waking up next to somebody or
Joshua Lopez: You know, it just miss a whole give me know
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, yeah.
Joshua Lopez: I worried that I will find that again.
Joshua Lopez: I know it's probably normal. But I did.
Joshua Lopez: It alone.
Joshua Lopez: And I just kind of doubt.
Joshua Lopez: What ability to find that, again, just not just in my own confidence.
Joshua Lopez: This lack of time lack
Joshua Lopez: Of opportunity. I literally
Joshua Lopez: Work and though the days that I work, I can't go out. I can't hear anybody then as soon as I'm done working I pick up my kiddos with them. The entire
Joshua Lopez: Time. And then if you wanted to work. I
Joshua Lopez: Don't see an opportunity to everything like that, you know,
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: This is this
Gwenevere Abriel: This is interesting because to me. This doesn't feel any different. You use the same reasoning that you used for not having confidence to go out into the world and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's the same. It's the same reason he used to tell me all the time. I don't have time. I'm very busy. I'm cleaning I'm cooking and taking care of the kids, I'm driving them places. I'm taking them to
Gwenevere Abriel: To their doctors appointments, who would was a big one for you. Was I don't have the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't the time to start a new relationship. Anyway, so the loneliness is one thing I get that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there is there's a phenomenon going on. And this is where the psychobabble comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Romantic love has this
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing about it. It's You complete me romantic love it's it's actually a disorder of this developmental stage when we're younger and it's a phenomenon of your my other half. We need each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when she's not there with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: A part of you is missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you and you look like that look like a part of you is missing the part that knows how to say
Gwenevere Abriel: You're wonderful you're smart enough, and you're good enough. You gave that away in romantic love. I told you this was psychobabble stuff right
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there it is. And now you wonder, can I ever have it again. Well, what if you don't go after that fist, there's another kind of love and it's mature.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't this all sweeping consumption. It's I hold on to myself I value myself and I with someone who is her own self. She loves herself, she doesn't need me, she chooses me
Gwenevere Abriel: Chooses me isn't dependent on me and I am not dependent on her it's mature.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that sounds while it's not from romantic comedies and it's not from novellas
Gwenevere Abriel: But developmentally it's more sustainable. We don't get angry at them for not appreciating us like it's it's a mature kind of love and I don't expect you to know what the heck I'm talking about and we won't even talk about it for a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not the
Gwenevere Abriel: Same as this all consuming thing that we do when we're in our teenage years, or in our early 20s. So sweeps us away just feels like nirvana.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not sustainable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we get lost that piece that we gave away and said, Well, I need you because you're, you're the part you're my Social Confidence, or you're, you're the one that sees me that I'm wonderful, but I can't give it to myself, you gave that away.
Gwenevere Abriel: This time, and that's why this moment so hard. I think you're left having to hear your own voice of confidence that you're good enough smart enough handsome enough playful enough, funny enough charming enough intelligent for all of it. You have to do it all yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is hard for you and it's been hard.
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to grow that muscle, you're not going to grow it if you fill it in with someone else who feeds your ego now.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the same time, you're also contradicting what I'm saying. You're also addressing credit working hard. You're doing the hard work of developing that atrophied muscle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right that self confidence, you're actually doing a lot of the work because
Gwenevere Abriel: You still have your job if you really wanted to do the like the I'm not good enough thing like i'd my confidence isn't good enough. You wouldn't show up to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plenty of people decide to go back to drug use, they go, I can't do it. I'm not good enough. Some people can just can kind of give up on themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not. So I want you to appreciate how hard you're working here you're having to do a really serious piece of identity growth because you don't have this other piece of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you go running for it again. This same phenomenon will happen and that's when I say words like hold on to yourself. Joshua. And do you know, do you know what you let go of when you were with her to realize this time a lesson learned. Do you know what you will not let go up next.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the part that's kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Only you're going to know how to name that I know mine. He knows his she knows her because we went through that growth experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't give it away to someone else, because you think that's what love is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to you what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think this takes some time.
Joshua Lopez: Did stop my video. Just because you're giving me some valuable information and it kind of was breaking up here in there so
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe it. I was seeing something too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
Joshua Lopez: No, I'm just saying, I hope that this is it because I don't want you to think I turned it off for
Joshua Lopez: Him.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: Definitely tried to pick up on this because like you said, it is kind of
Joshua Lopez: Kind of
Joshua Lopez: Different from, you know, what I've known in my life. So I'm trying to understand it more. And the more you talk about it.
Joshua Lopez: The more I can try and understand it.
Joshua Lopez: And that's why it's important that I hear it. Clearly, there were a little part that I
Joshua Lopez: It broke up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Definitely
Joshua Lopez: For sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you take pride in how hard you're working. This is the sit difficult moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that is a little irrational, meaning it the thinking goes into the future and predicts a negative outcome. That's the part that's not kind of grounded in reality you don't know you're not going to find someone to mind is saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have it right now we don't have it right now. And we never will. That's all it's doing is saying we don't have it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what the brain does is it says, Well, if we're missing something now. Well, then we surely won't have it in the future. It doesn't that that's the wrong part of the brain to be listening to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I mean by irrational. That's sort of the limbic system up here. Isn't there another part of you that says, of course, I'm going to find someone just haven't met this person yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't there a little glimmer of it's just as likely that you'll find someone is not find someone isn't it like maybe I will isn't there even that thought like maybe I will
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I mean,
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I
Joshua Lopez: Just don't
Joshua Lopez: Know,
Joshua Lopez: I don't really feel it at the moment, I think.
Joshua Lopez: Loneliness system.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I just
Joshua Lopez: I just
Joshua Lopez: hate to say it, I feel lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: No kidding. Absolutely. I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it isn't forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's what I mean by the irrational. It means we take this moment, and we call it what it is and it's brave of you to call it. It's Dan, I miss the affection. I miss the atom, boys. Yeah, we go nicely done, you're so cool is a wonderful, of course, we missed that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense. But what's happening is that confusion that this feeling will last forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not even the loss real death, loss of a parent right even that doesn't last forever. That feeling around an event changes, it will change, but you're just getting into it now. So, this is this is painful.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your brains confusing the president with the future you, you and I don't know what the future is going to be
Joshua Lopez: Definitely
Joshua Lopez: I think I buy into it too much.
Joshua Lopez: You know cuz your imagination run wild.
Joshua Lopez: It does. You know, I know.
Joshua Lopez: When I pick up the kids are cold and always going off and all this stuff like
Joshua Lopez: You know, you start
Joshua Lopez: You start thinking, you know, she met somebody you know
Joshua Lopez: Okay, why, why doesn't she feel lonely.
Joshua Lopez: Which I know I need to not fit in those things you just worry about
Joshua Lopez: What I'm doing
Joshua Lopez: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's name it is that jealousy, To. Is there another piece of it. That's also like
Gwenevere Abriel: Jealous, too.
Joshua Lopez: Absolutely, absolutely. Okay.
Joshua Lopez: For as long as we're together, long as we've been apart.
Joshua Lopez: No i a i can't help it, but I just thought of her with somebody else does. Still, still drives me insane.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I don't know if there is, I don't know if there isn't. I don't know.
Joshua Lopez: And I don't dare ask
Joshua Lopez: What did I would say I like to know if there is a doubt. I don't want to know now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to do you any good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it is preoccupies your mind and yeah
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, that's another reason why
Joshua Lopez: sometimes be a little more bearable.
Joshua Lopez: No credit like this enough ever felt lonely that she not ever miss me. I mean 13 years and he walked away pretty easily.
Joshua Lopez: Here I am, nine months later, and I'm still
Joshua Lopez: having a rough time letting go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Joshua, the part that you have to correct me if I'm wrong, because I could be missing pieces but out here as an observer. She looked like she was pulling away, a long time ago. Was that just me.
Joshua Lopez: Know, I've, I've heard that from other people as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's been letting go. She's had. It's not just these nine months. It's been a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see what I'm getting up
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not saying that feels any better. I mean, that
Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, I'm just rip it all the band aids off today are and I
Joshua Lopez: Know it's true. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: There were times when we're together that it just felt like she was already
Joshua Lopez: To me it feels like when we finally split up and she kicked me out. It felt like that was the best she had been planning for a while.
Joshua Lopez: You know, it really hurts to think about that, but
Joshua Lopez: You know, I talked to my brother, he, he said he's seen it for a while.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I just sometimes I wonder how I did it see it, you know, what was that close this situation and I didn't get
Joshua Lopez: That also goes in with that lonely feeling that, yeah, it's been a month, but it's really been longer
Joshua Lopez: than I thought.
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: Before we broke up out this way.
Joshua Lopez: I remember
Gwenevere Abriel: You were because some of our conversations were around, you know, wanting to spend time with her and she was with her family downstairs or upstairs. I can't remember which direction think shaver down camera which side but
Joshua Lopez: We all live by us, we would put down was everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everywhere. So my memory is
Gwenevere Abriel: That you you had some loneliness, even when you were with her. That's my memory.
Joshua Lopez: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: But you may not have called it that you may have been irritated instead with her sister, why is she not, you know, maybe went toward more towards irritability and anger versus
I'm lonely and
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wanted let's shift gears for just a second. Can you just list out to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me the qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me some positive qualities. This is going to feel like it's out of the blue here but forgive me. What are some positive qualities of your mother.
Joshua Lopez: Kind of hard right now.
Joshua Lopez: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll start with those, then let me have the negative qualities of mother, let me start with those
Joshua Lopez: Stubborn it
Joshua Lopez: doesn't always happen right, you need to listen. Okay. Yeah.
Listen.
Joshua Lopez: Very
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so if she was stubborn about something you believed in you might not notice the stubbornness check and see if it's around a particular belief system, she has. So really, really check on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see what I'm getting out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's conviction. If someone has conviction and we we match up with them really well and we don't notice it because they happen to share the same conviction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there something she stubborn around a particular theme that really pisses you off.
Joshua Lopez: My kid. She wouldn't
Joshua Lopez: Listen to me into my kids like
Joshua Lopez: Whole lives we move in for a few months, and
Joshua Lopez: She like she knew what wasn't better for them.
Joshua Lopez: A lot of things that I tried to tower, like with normal for my kid. She was convinced it wasn't normal
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I don't hear from you don't hear
Gwenevere Abriel: She's disrespectful. I don't hear she's judgmental. So when I say those was your truth.
Joshua Lopez: disrespectful one I do agree with. I don't think like my mom really respected me as a father.
Joshua Lopez: He respected me as a man
Gwenevere Abriel: She showed that to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take the Father. That's going to be real familiar because you were just probably talking about it. How does she show you
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't respect you as a father.
Joshua Lopez: Not listening to me when I read our
You know,
Joshua Lopez: I don't know, like we clean it. I mean, I know like examples of
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me examples, my kids.
Call
Joshua Lopez: When like if. Is this the one that stands out the most is Christmas Eve.
Joshua Lopez: Was running around this open. He started coughing
Joshua Lopez: She laid him down with that boy can read something wrong with him out a respiratory thing. I went I kept on oom a calm them down. He was fine. Look, he's fine. It's Christmas Eve. You know, I'll take them to the doctor, but it's Christmas Eve. I'm not taking them right now.
Joshua Lopez: Other open and you could take them and really
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I just like it's Christmas eve know but they're open to take them in and
Joshua Lopez: I finally was just like, I'm not fighting with you on Christmas Eve today. This is a sweater on the doctor. Of course, he started to cry because what he wants to go to a doctor's on Christmas Eve.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ended up taking her to the doctor on Christmas Eve.
Joshua Lopez: No, no, I, I was bout to I was going to become
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctors crying. Your daughter's crying.
Joshua Lopez: It's my son and
Joshua Lopez: He doesn't want to go. And then she goes in there and she's like, Don't do this to him, are you doing this to him. And it's like,
Joshua Lopez: I'm not doing this to him. You're insisting that I take them and get you off my back. I'm going to take him.
Joshua Lopez: She's like, all of a sudden pinning it on me. You know, I'm running. It's Christmas Eve and
Joshua Lopez: I'm did this a lot. Why was there like a lot. Wow. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So real quick, I just want to check and see if it's around a theme was it always around
Gwenevere Abriel: The health of someone or did this way of being.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I would call an overreaction
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that overreaction only around medical and health care issues or was it in other domains of life, like your spiritual beliefs, your financial status. Your cleanliness. I'm your marriage. You see what I'm getting out like there's a lot of different domains.
Gwenevere Abriel: This overreaction oh my gosh she's got a respiratory always going to have, you know, that's an overreaction and notice yours was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Calm and you checked on your son, you use reasonable, you know. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Everything okay and he was fine. You didn't overreact. And you didn't under react.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm asking you is if her is that behavior, she demonstrated was it in other domains of life, or only around the medical health of people
Joshua Lopez: I think a big part of it was like medically with my kid. Okay. It wasn't just that there were other other things for me.
Joshua Lopez: When I first moved out and we first divorce decree.
Joshua Lopez: Kind of like an overreaction like oh she seemed somebody out and we knew it, and you know, like just a lot of things.
Joshua Lopez: You know, like
Joshua Lopez: Always you if D on
Joshua Lopez: To me, that was usually action. I told her I was going to handle it. I told her I was taking care of things. And again, she didn't respect my decision to that respect the way I handled it and she took matters into her own hands and made everything 10 times worse.
Joshua Lopez: And this was a theme, since I moved in there. It was a theme that was ongoing from the very beginning.
Joshua Lopez: When I finally had enough. And I just left.
Joshua Lopez: That was, that was pretty difficult because I didn't really know where I was going to go. I didn't know what I was going to do.
Joshua Lopez: Means for like a week it's practically living out of my truck, but I just couldn't take it anymore that I'm going through. I just started this new job.
It just
Joshua Lopez: I couldn't you couldn't take her over reactions anymore because things that I normally handled rationally. It was starting to kind of
Joshua Lopez: Trying to eat her it was reacting with her and not just wasn't helping my situation.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and it's probably the best thing. Yes, I've been struggling and making pretty good money and I find myself broke because of
Joshua Lopez: Everything that I'm doing you know staying in the extended stay hotel was expensive heavy to do everything positive, all that stuff. It's been really hard. It's been a, it's been a really rough two months, but it was necessary and needed to get out on my own and needed to do all this stuff.
Joshua Lopez: And ultimately, I feel stronger for it because I am getting my own place. I am doing this and it does hurt me that I'm not talking to her at same time. I just feel like
Joshua Lopez: She wasn't ever going to respect.
Joshua Lopez: me as a person to
Joshua Lopez: You know, it just
Joshua Lopez: Couldn't do it anymore.
Joshua Lopez: And it does her, you know, that's your mom, you need to be angry with them. You, you need to have these feelings towards them, but the same time I just
Joshua Lopez: Don't
Joshua Lopez: Don't think she was ever going to respect me and i would i did i had to do it just like I had to do it, you know.
Joshua Lopez: To turn my back. I had to walk away to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's rephrase that Joshua
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a real quick before we do the rephrase, has she basically always been like this, as you were growing up, blowing things out of proportion.
Joshua Lopez: Believe so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means, and I'll put it on over here. If I grow up in an environment where my primary caregiver completely blows things. I have a cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she thinks it's pneumonia, I get a d minus in math.
Gwenevere Abriel: She grounds me for three months and says, I'm failing out of middle school I kiss a boy and she calls me a slut and has me see a psychiatrist. Now here's what happens to a young person. So I'm modeling. What I am suspecting may have happened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch my identity. When I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: My identity, meaning I know who I am. I know what I think I know what I see. I know what I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's in question all the time. I don't get to trust my own judgment, not when my object. My parent continuously doesn't mirror reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So take that if that's true, if that's kind of what that was. Then you go out into the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, my ears are really congested today. You go out into the world and you fall in love with it with a hate to say it but it's another object. It's a person
Gwenevere Abriel: And you give away your self evaluation your identity again and you base it on what this other person says about you to now watch. Guess what you are alone and you don't have that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling you what's real, you're left with, you know, the neat thing is that you did when you moved out in your mom's house. I don't care if you're sleeping in your car. I would rather you not go fucking insane, you understand
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd rather you sleeping that car. Your kids were in there with you too, because you won't have to go crazy. You have the risk of going crazy in that house Joshua
Joshua Lopez: And I do feel like I was going crazy. They're really do some of the stuff that they did was just, it was absurd.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but I'm but I'm it's clinical I don't use the word I use the word crazy because my clients understand that when someone says one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is your son is sick, you should take him to the hospital. Joshua your under-reacting look at this poor boy. And then when you actually try to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They then criticize, you're doing it at their level of overreaction you have nothing to do but go crazy because they're contradicting themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's just one example. And if that was happening. You had a young little mind at age 1011 age seven at 15. There's no way you knew what to do with those contradictory bits of information that's crazy making
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why people go nuts. Oh, like they want to get out. They want to get me out of here. So I'm glad you left and you left at a very young age, when you were young, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cuckoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I say that I got other words to describe what your mom was doing. She's doing the best way she knows how but you're the consumer of that that has messed with identity self esteem, self confidence. That's messed with it because your object which is your parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Was not a consistent, reliable rational mirror of how you were seeing the world you needed it bounced back then you do it, you do it for your kids, don't you, they say, hey, look. Look, I did a good job and they show you something they did.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't say, Well, you're not an artist. I mean, come on, you can do better than that. You don't do that. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you go, oh look, you work so hard on it. Look at the pretty red and blue and you use all the colors. I was great.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mirror back as the object for them kind of what they're going through, you're basically saying to your children. I see you
Gwenevere Abriel: Your reality is real and therefore they get to grow up with. It's called ego strength, your wording would be confidence they get to believe in their reality they believe in themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they guess what
Gwenevere Abriel: They can go out into the world and they have their own opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can understand you. I think just in this tiny and I don't even know the full story, but just this little tiny story that you're telling me when I asked you to give me a list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has given me some insight into a possibility about why it's so hard for you to hold on to your truth right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the identity. The ego strength was not developed when you were younger, and you're doing it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no one there to say you're doing a good job you're you're you're okay. You're all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get that it feels the more than just lonely. Like, it feels intensely lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it, but it will pass it will pass in the way it's going to pass as you keep calling it this and you say, all right, this is how I get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to trust again and again if I'm hungry, I eat if I'm tired. I sleep. If I want to wear a red shirt today if I assess my children as having they need to go to urgent care. Why then, I'll take them each time you do what your intuition tells you you are building your ego strength up
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be minute after minute and this
Joshua Lopez: Feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Of loneliness will pass it will, and you will have you there, and you will be a much more mature stronger man inside. I think you're gonna like who you are when you get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I get. I get how lonely, it is right now, but it's not a reflection of your value.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not. It's just that you don't have this this ego strength piece. It's different. You don't you you take you take me because I'm the only other person in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an earned piece. I had to learn that
Gwenevere Abriel: I know if something happens here. I will be okay. But I had to have that that ego strength develop when I was younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me to know I'm lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be loved and I can give love again even if this whatever this is here this relationship that's over here. What if it falls apart. For whatever reason, I'll be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about it like this. Joshua. You remember over the years that you and I have been working together. I would say two things I would give another way to approach a day or a relationship or how to approach something and you kind of said yeah yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Not now. I don't have time right
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of remember that. Yeah. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm still that same person. My suggestions haven't changed my approach to the world hasn't changed. So if I have any street credibility with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rely on that maybe the other side is just out of reach. It might be just, just a month from now might be right over the hill. It might be two weeks away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, I don't know how long. But it's right there. I have faith, you will get there. I know things are going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's gonna be okay but you just don't know how right now. All you're feeling is the sadness, and I know that sadness will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: You just get up and you follow your gut. You weren't raised in an environment that reinforced your intuition on what's right for you who do know, you know, because that's what got you out of this house this last month or so because you refuse to go crazy for your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're going to be there for yourself, you will. It's gonna be all right. I know it doesn't seem like it now, but it's gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna be quiet. Get off my soapbox here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get on a roll. You sure don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Finger caught in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are you taking it. Now, what are you hearing how is this landing with you.
Joshua Lopez: Just kind of reinforces what I tell myself when I get really bad, like this is going to pass you will
Joshua Lopez: You're on the right path.
Joshua Lopez: You're, you know, you're bettering yourself just kind of reinforces it feels good to hear from somebody else.
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I do honestly believe
Joshua Lopez: Though these last two months have been super hard. And I do believe I did the right thing at times. I'm like,
Joshua Lopez: Question, am I bad person, you know,
Joshua Lopez: Not talking to her, and just cutting her off at the same time, I do believe it was
Joshua Lopez: It was what was right for me. And a lot of the times when they make decisions like this. I don't think of what was best for me. I'm too busy worrying about how did I hurt the other person they, you know, how are they feeling
Joshua Lopez: Lately I just feel like
Joshua Lopez: Enough.
Joshua Lopez: That enough that it's time I just start worrying about how it affects me
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it right there. You just caught it, you caught that distinction psychobabble aside, you caught it. And the way you do it is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to worry about how my mother fields, I have to trust that this was in the best interest of my sanity.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to go. I trust it. I believe you. If I only had to hear a little tiny bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little tiny bit. I would go nuts in that environment. I'm so sensitive to hypocrisy. If someone even says a word that doesn't match something they said last week. I'm like, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like right everything with me. It's got to be all like congruent and lined up how our body feels
Gwenevere Abriel: What is our feeling was our thoughts right everything right, notice I'm always like, let's get it in line. Let's get into line is that consistent with your core values. Well, what do you think, Well, what do you feel so in an environment where there's mixed message people go crazy or they
Gwenevere Abriel: Do drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they write they move out they have children early they overwork right the whole addiction stuff. The any any compulsive behavior. We want to escape that
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what you're doing right now is not escaping. Notice how hard this is you're not escaping from the difficulty of having to own the fact that what you saw was real.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was real mixed messages. You've got to follow your gut every day. It's, I want to do what I want to do. You're not going to become a narcissist. I'm not worried about you becoming a selfish person Joshua, you're not going to become that
Gwenevere Abriel: All this is doing is building what's called ego strength, you have some underdeveloped ego strength, you're going to build it up so that when someone comes along and and very persuasive.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can still hold on to your own opinion, your own preferences for things you get that
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, I like the sound of this. I like it more of what you want. Every time it starts to get sad and lonely, you go to, what's something that would make me happy right now a lock.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to put on layaway a new pair of boots. So when I send another $5 towards in another $10 I want to look at something pretty. Maybe I'll start to get some some pretty things in here that I think are cool, like I wanna on a black leather couch. I know what you things are
Gwenevere Abriel: Shift right shifted
Joshua Lopez: It's funny that you say that because
Joshua Lopez: One of the ways that my buddy recommended I feel my credit with the recommended furniture store where they don't base anything on credit they go off of your bank account and your income and what like get the positive that bank account.
Joshua Lopez: And the great part about that is, is they're not using your credit to give you credit but you pay your stuff on time. You pay it off earlier something they report that to the credit bureaus to to your score.
Joshua Lopez: Is one of the things we my daughter did last weekend we went to that printer store to check it out because I didn't know how it works. I didn't know any of that.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and it was it was nice because we went through them were like we like this dining room table.
Joshua Lopez: You know, this is what we're going to get for the apartment next to the couch. Next is is this, you know, and that's kind of
Joshua Lopez: Right now it doesn't seem like it because I stretch myself so thin with deposits and activations and just everything it all added up
Joshua Lopez: But next week is my big paycheck, or my long week of work on that next Thursday. I'm going to fill out their application. I'm going to go get a dining room table.
Joshua Lopez: It's going to be seeing that slowly but surely, my first week I might not even have very much furniture there but
Joshua Lopez: Within the month, month and a half. I hope to have it decorated the way I would like my style mighty my a unity me and then also I call her my little humble there Ashlyn has been like told you she didn't like my rock and a lot of this.
Joshua Lopez: So I made sure that she knows her in the law when it comes to picking something out. I don't just say, Oh, I like that when even though I do
Joshua Lopez: Like hey Ash. What do you think about this one, compared to this one. And of course she's like, Dad, I really liked what you picked out, you know, our appliances are black, because that's going to match this is you know what i mean i just I'd make sure she feels important to
Joshua Lopez: You know, because I feel like not only have I been through a lot in through a lot so so those strings, as you call it,
Joshua Lopez: Also in the part of it, so she can build a string as I'm building my
Joshua Lopez: Like a lot of this stuff. You said it means the verbiage me. It's been a little different. But I think it's just laid groundwork for in the past.
Joshua Lopez: Now that you're repeating it is kind of making more sense. And you know, I have been definitely want you to know I do listen and take a lot of the stuff you tell me your give me advice on and I'm putting it into work and you know I
Joshua Lopez: I'm getting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hear it. I'm excited about the credit. I'm really excited because you did you sounded optimistic, like I'm putting into place this stuff. I know it's a big chunk of money that you're putting into this deposit, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It. I would say in the next few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get you tell me what it's like. Then you tell me when you're
Gwenevere Abriel: investing money where you want it to go when you start to when you keep checking in with credit and you check in you, it starts to go up each month, it's going to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to keep going up and then you're going to have things you need, you're going to be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of keep building this home putting things in the home, you're going to be able to pay for certain little things for the kids, not too much right want to still reserve some stuff for saving and for you in this early part of healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing it. I think what you needed today was just
Gwenevere Abriel: You doing it just right.
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: It does mean a lot. I mean,
Joshua Lopez: You know, it's like if they're
Joshua Lopez: Traveling but
Joshua Lopez: You don't know it because you're so close the situation that you with loneliness kind of overshadowed
Joshua Lopez: But yeah, I like I said it wasn't just all bad. It wasn't my mixed bag of emotions wasn't dominated by one thing I think it just sat in
Joshua Lopez: The past couple of days is a little bit stronger. But, you know, leading up to it. There was so much excitement. There's, you know that it's a mixed bag. There's a lot of different emotions, but there were there were just negative ones. There were definitely some positive one.
Joshua Lopez: And the kind of got reinforced today, which, you know, positive ones always should get reinforced more than than negative one. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you know that about yourself, it means that you can create opportunities for it. So the more you're talking about that with friends, the more you're talking about it in a group setting, the more you say it in here. Just want to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing what any reasonable person would do right now you share it. They say, oh yeah, heck yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: don't rob yourself of that, it means we do need to say our things out loud, and then it bounces back. Yep. That's what I would do, man. Me too. Me too, me too. And I think you've got a friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now that's going through a separation. I'm hoping he's a good influence. I think you're working out.
Joshua Lopez: And he definitely is.
Joshua Lopez: He's the one who's giving me advice and building credit. He's the one who kind of reinforces that
Joshua Lopez: You don't need anybody. You just need to you need yourself in any mean, and that's where he got in, like, I can see it. We start hanging around a few months ago.
Joshua Lopez: And recently I can see his confidence is when I, I can see you know to mean and just He'll. He'll call me out of the blue.
Joshua Lopez: You know, every now and then you'll be like, Hey, let's go hang out. Unfortunately, sport for cancel, but it was like, Hey, let's go have a beer and watch the leak or team.
Joshua Lopez: Stuff like that. But then he also would call me in the middle of the week when
Joshua Lopez: You know, we both have worked at the next day he just like a man. Just checking up, you know, how are you doing you know hey how's the apartment search going are
Joshua Lopez: We able to check out. Credit Karma, or just like you know i mean it's not just only hang out and do this. It's part a little part of that, but it's also
Joshua Lopez: Hey man, how you doing, you know, mean just, I don't know. He's been a real positive influence, aside from having a beer to on the weekend. He doesn't do drugs. He doesn't
Joshua Lopez: condone that kind of stuff, you know, he's got two little ones, though, that
Joshua Lopez: You know he's he's, he's a lot in the same situation as I am and seeing how he is positive, going through it, it kind of helps me be positive.
Joshua Lopez: Just a really good friend them. God I linked up with him and he's not only a friend. He's also minding my son's barbers, so it's it's pretty amazing to have reconnected with him after all these years, it's been been much needed for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's send another time to me. Okay. All right, so now you think about your schedule. And let's look ahead, a couple weeks if you want
Gwenevere Abriel: And just kind of let me know where
Gwenevere Abriel: That lands on a flip flop thing go and you tell me what would work.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so next week is my short week which will have on Monday. So kind of try not to schedule a group and individual the same week just because you know just okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what do you
Have asked
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 through April 3
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have my
Joshua Lopez: Enemy so
Joshua Lopez: Today we are the eight isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'll do this. Let me do this all
Gwenevere Abriel: My clients in the waiting in virtual clinic still I'm
Joshua Lopez: So sorry.
Joshua Lopez: Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up the calendar, we can do a visual here so
Joshua Lopez: What I'm thinking right now is the 18 NEXT WEEK IS MY SHORT WEEK, which would be the 25th.
Joshua Lopez: So we, how many days are in march again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Joshua Lopez: Okay, so two weeks from today would be the first of April.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's March. There we go. Okay. So, AND IT'S MARCH. So we say today is
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you're going to be in 23rd, you're going to be in group on the 23rd.
Joshua Lopez: My SHORT WEEK OF THE 30th begins my long week so I will be off.
Joshua Lopez: On my short week I will be our
Joshua Lopez: I'll be off that Thursday on my short we know. Wait, wait, this is my long week. So next week is my short week
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to use a
Gwenevere Abriel: Good day, he said, I'm going to grew up on Monday, the 23rd.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, yeah. So, so that's my A SHORT WEEK. And then the following week I will be off Wednesday and Thursday again.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. I
Joshua Lopez: Can either the first or second of that we've
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Okay, let me see. So we've got lots of options because there's not a lot scheduled that far ahead and let me see.
Joshua Lopez: And then just just a heads up. I went in on making the commitment to be there for sure, but with everything being scheduled to be set up and all that, if anything does happen where I don't have my internet installed or something. Yeah, I will definitely give you a
Joshua Lopez: huge advantage, you know, to me, I don't know whether or not it up right now I don't have a clue if it is because
Joshua Lopez: I don't know if they will get my old internet over there. Just little things like that. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. I get it. Okay, so you got some some homework to do. But for now, I'm mean, you can call check it out. See what's available over there for for Monday right now I've got a little bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: It for individual I said it for April 1
Joshua Lopez: Every
Gwenevere Abriel: Year right here. That's a Wednesday at noon Mountain Standard perfect
Joshua Lopez: That works out perfect. And that would rather do it on my first day off on my long weekend to do it on my second
Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Before I go back to work. That's actually perfect
Joshua Lopez: Okay changes. I will give you that for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well I hope you make it on Monday, check out make sure you've got data Wi Fi internet the whole deal for Monday I hope to see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Joshua Lopez: Very much very helpful. Thank you. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep up the good work.